Analyze cli update (#5876)
edgedb/edgedb: docs/cli/edgedb_analyze.rst

    This CLI feature is compatible with EdgeDB server 3.0 and above.

.. note::

>     This feature is also available inside the EdgeDB REPL and UI in which

Reviewer: Yes, and!

I think we should also maybe add a section somewhere on https://www.edgedb.com/docs/cli/edgedb to talk about this feature and update this to be a link to that documentation.

Author: I see the page does mention the command but makes it look like it's backslash only so changed that. Also added the video plus another while I was at it, and a quick something else I noticed where a classic Windows command wasn't specified.

Reviewer: What do you think about making the text "EdgeDB REPL" a link to the appropriate place in the REPL docs?

Reviewer 2: I would like to have documentation of the UI, but so far, the most we have is the documentation of the `edgedb ui` command which doesn't really tell you anything about the UI except how to invoke it.

We have also made a distinction between the CLI REPL and the UI REPL, and we might want to keep with that here. `analyze` works across the CLI REPL, the UI REPL, and the UI's query editor.

>     This feature is also available inside the EdgeDB REPL and UI in which
>     prefacing it with ``edgedb`` is not required.

Reviewer 2: Here's a suggestion that I believe will incorporate both my notes and @scotttrinh's notes from the previous comment thread.
```suggestion
    Performance analysis is also available in our :ref:`CLI REPL
    <ref_cli_edgedb>` and the UI's REPL and query builder (both accessible by
    running :ref:`ref_cli_edgedb_ui` to invoke your instance's UI). Use it by
    prepending your query with ``analyze``.
```
